<h1 align="center"> Job Organizer Web Application  </h1>
<h3 align="center"> Management System for organizing job applications </h3>  
</br>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<h2 id="table-of-contents"> :book: Table of Contents</h2>

<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<h2 id="about-the-project"> :pencil: About The Project</h2>
<p align="justify"> 
  Job Organizer Web Application is a Management System for organizing job applications. Users can easily organize their job searching process, keep applications in one place and track their progress.
This idea came from our user experience, the User is able to hold all job applications in one place and organize them.
</p>

<!-- BUILT WITH -->
<h2 id="built-with"> :floppy_disk: Built with</h2>
-	Java  
-	Spring Boot  
-	MySQL  
-	Hibernate  
-	Thymeleaf templates  
-	Bootstrap 

<!-- FEATURES -->
<h2 id="features"> :hammer: Features</h2>
<p align="justify"> 
  The WISDM (Wireless Sensor Data Mining) dataset includes raw time-series data collected from accelerometer and gyroscope sensors of a smartphone and smartwatch with their corresponding labels for each activity. The sensor data was collected at a rate of 20 Hz (i.e., every 50ms). Weiss et.al., collected this dataset from 51 subjects who performed 18 different activities listed in the previous table, each for 3 minutes, while having the smartphone in their right pant pocket and wearing the smartwatch in their dominant hand. <br>
  In this project we tried three different feature sets, extracted from the raw data, which are as follows: 
  <ol>
    <li><b>Pre-processed data</b> generated by Weiss et. al.</li> 
    <li><b>Statistical feature extraction</b></li>
    <li><b>Topological feature extraction</b></li>
  </ol>
